---
title: Privacy Statement
permalink: /privacy/
---
#### **Privacy Policy**
**Last Updated: 30 August 2020**

This privacy policy describes MOH Office For Healthcare Transformation Pte Ltd.’s (the “Privacy Policy” and “MOHT” respectively) policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of your information (including Personal Data and Usage Data) when you use the Service.

This Privacy Policy supplements but does not supersede nor replace any consent which you may have previously provided to MOHT, nor does it affect any rights that MOHT may have at law in connection with the collection, use and/or disclosure of your Personal Data. MOHT may from time to time update this Privacy Policy to ensure that this Privacy Policy is consistent with its future developments or business purpose, industry trends and/or any changes in legal or regulatory requirements.

By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. MOHT will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

**1\. Definitions**

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

*   App means any software application operated or published by MOHT designed to be operated on a Device.
    
*   Account means a unique account created for you to access the Service or parts of the Service.
    
*   Device means any device that can access the Service, which may include, but is not limited to, a computer, cell phone or a digital tablet.
    
*   Personal Data means data, whether true or not, about an individual who can be identified (a) from that data; or (b) from that data and other information to which MOHT. has or is likely to have access to.
    
*   Service refers to the Website or App.
    
*   Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
    
*   Website refers to the MOHT website, [www.moht.com.sg](https://www.moht.com.sg/).
    

**2\. Collecting Your Personal Data**

While using the Service, MOHT may ask you to provide MOHT with your, and/or may collect from you, Personal Data, which may include but is not limited to your email addresses, name, contact details, residential address or date of birth.

The Service may use “cookies” or similar tracking technologies to track the activity on the Service and store certain information such as the number of users and frequency of use, profile of users and their preferred sites. You can choose to accept or decline the use of such cookies through your web browser. You may wish to note that in the event you decline the use of cookies, some parts of the Service may not be available to you.

In any event that you provide MOHT with any Personal Data belonging to and/or relating to a third person (e.g., information about a person’s spouse, children, parents, employees, etc.), by submitting any such information to MOHT, you represent that you have obtained the relevant consent of any such third person to provide MOHT with their Personal Data.

**3\. Usage Data**

Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.

Usage Data may include information such as your Device’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of the Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, MOHT may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

MOHT may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service or when you access the Service by or through a mobile device.

**4. Use, Sharing And Disclosure Of Personal Data And Usage Data​**

MOHT may use, share and disclose Personal Data and Usage Data for the following purposes:

*   To provide and maintain the Service, including, but not limited to  monitoring your usage of the Service;
    
*   To manage your Account in the event you register as a user of the Service.  The Personal Data you provide may give you access to different functionalities of the Service that are only available to you as a registered user;
    
*   For business and administrative operations of MOHT, including but not limited to employment management, recruitment activities, procurement of products or services, Service enhancement, security and risk management;
    
*   Corporate governance (including internal and company audits) and policy reviews;
    
*   For contact purposes: To contact you for purposes related to the Service, including but not limited to email communication, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication;
    
*   For marketing purposes:  To inform you of any news, special offers and/or general information about the goods, services and events which MOHT offers that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about, unless you have opted not to receive such information;
    
*   To adhere to legal and regulatory requirements: Under certain circumstances, MOHT may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or government agency, government ministries, statutory boards and governmental agencies.);
    
*   Protect or defend the rights or property of MOHT;
    
*   Prevent or to investigate wrongdoing in connection with the Service;
    
*   Protect the personal safety of the users of the Service or the public; and
    
*   For any other purposes reasonably related to the above.
    

MOHT may share the Personal Data and Usage Data within MOHT and MOHT’s related corporations, subsidiaries, affiliates, and associated entities) and  with its service providers (which may be third parties) for the following purposes:

*   to ensure the functionality of the Service;
    
*   to provide the Service on MOHT’s behalf;
    
*   to provide analytical services for the Service;
    
*   for business and administrative operations of MOHT;
    
*   for risk and security management; and
    
*   any other purpose reasonably related to the above.
    

Personal Data and Usage Data collected by MOHT may be shared with the Ministry of Health, the relevant regulatory authorities for healthcare, statutory bodies, and public agencies for the purpose of complying with their respective requirements, policies, and directives.

**5\. Retention Of Personal Data**

The MOHT will retain Personal Data for as long as is necessary until the purpose for which it was collected for no longer exists.  MOHT will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if MOHT is required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce MOHT’s legal agreements and policies.

MOHT will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes, to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of the Service, or if MOHT is legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.

You may, at any time, withdraw your consent to MOHT’s collection, use and/or disclosure of your Personal Data by giving reasonable notice to MOHT. However, doing so may prevent the proper functioning of the Services, or any part thereof, or may result in some parts of the Service being unavailable to you, or the cessation of the Services. Despite your withdrawal of consent to MOHT’s collection, use and/or disclosure of Personal Data, MOHT may continue to retain, use, disclose and/or process your Personal Data if permitted or required under applicable law.

**6\. Security Of Personal Data**

The security of your Personal Data is important to MOHT. To safeguard your Personal Data, MOHT has put in place appropriate administrative and technical measures, including, but not limited to, restricting access to your Personal Data to only authorised personnel, ensuring it has up to date anti-virus protection and appropriate security systems.  No method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While MOHT strives to use commercially and governmentally acceptable standards to protect your Personal Data, MOHT cannot guarantee its absolute security.

**7\. Links to Third Party Websites and Materials**

The Service may contain links to third party websites, materials and/or services which are not operated by MOHT, whose data protection and privacy practices are different from this Privacy Policy. If you click on such links, you will be directed to that third party’s websites, materials and/or services. MOHT has no control over and assumes no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of such third party websites, materials and/or services. MOHT shall not be liable to you or any third party for any damage or loss whatsoever arising from your access to or use of those third party websites, materials and/or services. Use of the links and access to those websites, materials and/or services are entirely at your own risk.

**8\. Changes to this Privacy Policy**

MOHT reserves the right to revise and update this Privacy Policy at any time. Should any modification to this Privacy Policy occur, MOHT will post the revised and/or updated Privacy Policy on [www.moht.com.sg/privacy](https://www.moht.com.sg/privacy).

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

**9\. Contact MOHT**  
If you have any questions or require more information about this Privacy Policy, you can contact MOHT via email at [dpo@moht.com.sg](mailto:dpo@moht.com.sg).